hey how are you guys in high school
probably nice cool for me no I always
see you guys in the park are you guys
out of school
I'm sure you look like you're still in
school
I'm looking like what you look like
you're still in school over a 20 mm no I
know they're in school you know why I
know they're in school because they all
have book bags on yeah yeah firstly they
come out of school they go to school
there yeah they're ready not for school
why you guys get out early on Mondays
it's up to 12 minutes you come on
Thursday
I sued her over there yeah yeah so
you're gonna be bad boys everyone's cool
ones already other people who come in
this park are yeah yeah yeah
it's not about treating your education
is valuable to you once you do you jug
what see once you come out of sleep
comes up fucking show to distract you
get out of school at 12:00
yeah where I used to go to toiiet with a
bush Rick he also came to this pool to
nice come on Earth depends on my
schedule
if you to today issue we'll do the
background check on know you have a full
day of school
yeah check I'd see Schendel kids English
yeah yeah yeah
I've speaking Mandarin to Chinese yeah
why what do you speak for me
and a little tesha a little what
we're reg1
up senior
you you know only thing you have met so
far in this whole part huh Richard drop
up now everybody says during 11th grade
only one guy over there he's a freshman
why are you running away huh what are
you a what grades you one senior to
junior yeah everybody here is junior
yeah
there's so many kids here